Update best practices for v2.0 release (#381)
pupil-labs/pupil-docs: src/core/best-practices.md

### Validate Your Calibration

Perform a validation after the calibration to check the accuracy. If the validation reports a high accuracy error, you need to perform another calibration. Make sure to use different points for validation than you used for calibration.

## Avoiding Slippage

Slippage is the effect of the headset slipping on the participant’s head. Slippage is almost inevitable if the participant moves their head or facial muscles. Slippage will lead to reduced accuracy and can accumulate over time.

### Split Your Experiment into Blocks

If your experiment allows for small breaks in between tasks, then you should consider splitting your experiment it into blocks. For every block you should re-calibrate (and validate) at the beginning to reset any accumulated slippage errors.

### Choose the Right Gaze Mapping Pipeline

In the calibration menu you can select a gaze mapping pipeline. By default Pupil offers a 2D and a 3D pipeline, which have different tradeoffs.

> The 2D pipeline offers the best accuracy in perfect conditions (< 1° visual error). However, it is very sensitive to slippage. Chose the 2D pipeline if:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 2D pipeline offers the best accuracy under _ideal_ conditions (< 1° visual error). However, it is very sensitive to slippage. Chose the 2D pipeline if:
```
